That's you, Pat, other individuals.
I assume that the reason is that he wants to go
by the other individuals made fire
or amongst me to him.
I try to accept his original offer.
If he wants to go by,
the retired and his call
by Mr. Corner, Mr. Coy,
I'm sure that I can get them to agree to have those
within the record that there is some very serious question
in my mind as further we should think
of all of that, and you do with the lawful case.
The attempt of breaking the lawful,
unless we have the call from the Ministry of Justice
and the Ministry of Justice,
Mr. Adams testified the other day.
I think that someone should perhaps
the chair should do it.
Should call the president and point out to him
that he's called the role that testified to
and there can be nothing sacred about them anymore.
And he should be early to change his order.
I may say I think the chair might have more influence
than I would have.
But I will say to Mr. Center Stamington,
if as he said, when the call was based,
he's called a February 20th.
When the base upon a call that I am in,
he says, a minute left, call, they put in his or they put in.
I will ask counsel to go down and get those calls.
Number one, number two, Mr. Chairman.
I think we should clear out the implication
in Center Stamington's press.
I'm sure it wasn't deliberately done.
Yes, the press, my mother and I.
Mr. Colman, Mr. Curran, I had seen the document
which he drafted.
I have not seen any of Mr. Stamington's documents, however.
I would like to make it clear at this time that I may
that we requested the defense department
long before Mr. Stamington did to give Mr. Jenkins
all of the calls by Mr. Adams,
rather by Mr. Colman, Mr. Car,
myself, all over the place.
Those calls for them to possession of Mr. Stamington's
weeks before Mr. Stamington grew up as ductymist
of his.
Could I get a confirmation of Mr. Jenkins?
Senator McCarthy, what you have said,
conforms to my recollection.
Thank you.
Mr. Chairman, send a sentence.
Now let's clear this matter up once and for all.
We thought it doesn't recognize the recommendation
of the counsel of this committee.
He knows that I know that what Senator McRotten's
signed gave him a right to look at the call from the committee
members and did not give any right that the calls would be
published and made a point of the record for the people to see.
That's the first point that I would like to make.
The second is that this statement that I drafted this
resolution is not true.
The resolution was presented to me out of the executive
hearing and I simply signed it along with everybody else.
I don't know who drafted it.
I have got the fingers tied here.
Who did drafted it?
Does anybody know?
James and Wilk, the door.
Can I?
That I signed it.
I'm beginning to wonder why it is that any question
I signed as long as $26 a day.
I'm beginning to wonder why it is a cent of a flat
to your two languages to put the appropriate one
that's not putting your call then on the democratic senator.
Why it is that he doesn't want Mr. Con and Mr. Con telephone
conversations in this record.
We signed everything to put in everything.
I'll be glad to put in everything.
When he puts in everything, not the war and not after.
Mr. Terry, Mr. Terry, Mr. Terry, Mr. Terry, Mr. Terry.
Good to meet you.
Good to meet you, Mr. Chairman.
I would not for the world a union just as any of the
parties in the matter, are to any member of this committee.
My recollection is that in the very beginning,
the proposition of Senator McCarthy and Mr. Con was the
table agreed by all monitor telephone calls to be
introduced in evidence provided all calls were introduced
between the parties and interests,
between the members of this committee and perhaps,
and what they be introduced in chronological order
or suit to that, that time.
Senator, I'll raise a motion.
Senator signing them if perhaps he is the result of a motion.
I do not for all of us in the silent agreement to
that effect that proposition was made in an open
hearing and that proposition was confirmed in a letter to
me from Mr. Con, I could raise a goal in which he stated
as I remember that he and Senator McCarthy that we
were able to be introduction of these calls provided
they were all ever, that is calls in keeping calls
of certain dates which have not been given to me for
inspection, now for soon to ask under his attention,
I'm confirming what you have said today.
The calls were delivered to be some 50 or 16 calls for
the purpose of this section of the monitor that I have
a number of last half-night determined whether or not they
were relevant to the issue.
I don't think that in my, just to the best of my recollection,
covers the entire agency agreements, the proposition,
and all matters to things of those telephone monitors,
telephone calls, is the handful of an answer given to us.
I don't know what you meant to be a nod.
I want to thank you for every member of this committee
and voting the senators, have signed the principles
of the Army side, have signed a document which I have here,
and which does not say anything about whether or not they're
relevant, except we said that all calls should be put in.
And what I'm beginning to wonder is why don't Mr. Carr,
Mr. Cohn, want their telephone conversations,
relevant or relevant to them monitor,
placed into the record.
I would put this in the record again, except it's already
in the record.
And anytime that the principles in this case
want to put the all their calls in, relevant, irrelevant,
that have been monitored,
body officer secretary Steven,
I will be very glad to have my calls for this.
Mr. Cohn, are you going to recognize
the president of the University of New York?
Have you seen some included grimd between the various parties
interested and recognize nobody else on the seven-step phone call?
Everybody has said three or four times,
he definitely will stand on that.
It wasn't getting any clearer by reputation,
and all the concerns that you're doing is to get his own calls in
without any change at that.
He doesn't care.
He's not involved in the else he wants his calls in the record.
I'm sorry that I brought up this morning with the wait of the chapter.
Let me crack this.
It's very briefly, and I would prefer a problem with the thing here.
If you would, this is just a problem.
This is a problem, you know.
I will always listen and not do it like this.
Mr. Chairman, the three Republicans have gone on the stand
that have taken the oath as to the conversations they have with Mr.
Steven, Mr. Adelman, Mr. Cohn has been on the stand
on the stand after about four or five days.
He has testified and crossed the exam in regard to any conversations
with his last phone conversation.
I understand I am scheduled to take the stand, Mr. Coyer scheduled to take the stand.
We will be open to cross-contamination and attorney questions about any
phone calls, even though the monitoring was illegal.
We still want to answer questions from them.
I'm not going to advise the senator from Missouri,
but I do think that the public care may wonder why he's here
to the front that he was not on the committee when he had the first conversation
with Mr. Steven, Mr. Adelman.
Upon any, within a matter of six days, I believe it was because he came back on the committee.
Also, conversations with my friends from Arkansas, Mr. McCollum was not on the committee.
I know we can't speak to the senator, but I do think, I do think that regardless of the
committee, he will be the one for calls, right here, Senator Sunker's coming.
Senator Sunker's coming.
You have a set of chances, but it's the same time.
Well, could I finish and move with our funder, Senator?
Just let's move on and run it to the front.
Please.
Pop this for me, Senator.
You have to finish.
You are canceled for me.
Talk to mine.
Senator Sunker's coming.
I think you will be, that's entirely fixed.
Which is full of verbal information.
Just give me the last thing worth.
All right, I think everything.
I think everything, the number is coming from.
Glad to reveal the importance of this.
Bill, the fact that we have accomplished nothing since my number for our phones came back on the committee.
I shouldn't say nothing but you hearing the one which you offered and we must adjust.
We've been tied up in these hearings every second.
Your contact and by-eum, Mr. Schindler, Mr. Adams, we know they were trying to call all the hearings.
I'm not requesting my advice.
I would strongly advise that you take the spam and take the oath, the same as I'm going to.
And, for example, if you ask me to come back on the committee and I would like to know that I'm under oath,
I would also expand the title of that in my under oath.
Well, Mr. Schindler, I'm a commenter.
I'm not going to continue to call you.
The misdemeanor of the state is just fact that seven of the parties made about me today.
Any board in the island asked me to misdemeanor the fact that he made free of the state about me and the hearings.
So I'm just going to say this.
Did I never had any telephone call with Mr. Stevens until some time after I came back on this committee?
And it again is amazing to me that he will go to all these actions with respect to these telephone calls.
But all we want to do is to get into the records of calls of Senator McCliffy, Mr. Caw, Mr. Caw.
We've all signed documents that we will put our calls in.
I'm not sure that we should have, but I'm glad to do it.
We're not defendants in this situation.
We're judges.
But I'll be glad to put my calls in.
So I can't just bring up the fact that this whole matter can be classified by this document right here.
And here it is, Senator.
You're talking to your council. I think that's proper.
Here's the document.
You sign it.
Let Mr. Caw sign it.
Mr. Caw sign it.
And all the conversations will go in the right.
There it is.
Everybody else has signed it except you.
Mr. Caw sign it.
Senator McCliffy, you have an end to discussion.
Senator McCliffy, you have ten minutes.
I'll let him see.
I think I have a right answer.
You've got to sign that.
You've got to sign it.
We must get out of this.
He's hearing.
You can't see.
I'll let him.
That's my question.
I'll take it.
Are you in ten minutes?
I'm down.
It's go out on his side.
Now, Mr. Caw, I don't try to get anybody off the hook here.
Let's get the fact.
Are you going to sign the document?
I say that he gets better.
And if you do, Mr. Caw sign it.
Mr. Caw sign it.
Then all the conversations will be on the record.
We can just see.
I'm going to move now.
I'm going to.
I'm very quiet.
I know.
Don't get it.
I can be a little more quiet.
Senator McCliffy, you are on the ten minutes.
The chairman of the chairman is always interested in my opinion.
And you're position.
Now, I'm interested in it too.
All right.
Now, you're on the nine minutes.
I'm going to do my decision.
No, no, no.
I don't want to go.
I want to know if Mr. McCliffy and Mr. Caw and Mr. Caw
are going to sign this document.
Now, we'll start talking about these minor dissaulks.
We'll put them in the record and let the people see them.
Mr. Chairman, I know what's the...
I know what's happening.
No, let's take 15 seconds to do it.
My position is the frame of the twers weeks ago.
And that is that I will not allow anyone to select the situation calls that...
...their footprints within these trolls that follow them must be put in.
All the trolls having a difference of controversy.
No reason or error.
That should not be done.
That is my position.
I will find such a dark moment right now.
I'll make that agreement here in the record.
And that is my position.
And the plan is to remain my position.
I'll leave the hearing position.
That's for them.
And the McCliffy and Mr. McCliffy.
And that's the main, that's the call.
That's the record.
And that's for them.
And the McCliffy and Mr. Caw and Mr. Caw and Mr. Caw
are going to get the chairman taking two.
And the McCliffy and Mr. Caw and you have ten minutes to meet.
I do not know.
This is not out of my time either while the witness gets back on the stand.
That's your answer.
While the witness gets back on the stand while we have the opportunity to let's return to us.
These are the downs and not realizing.
The sonnet of the most consumable is going to be addressing the committee.
I thought I was going down there and to give him a little advice when I make it public.
I'm going to suggest that one of the reasons why I want to pick it up in addition to what I've already said
Mr. Lucas here to testify it so that we can interrogate him also as to all of the calls.
Now, whether we get them all in the record or not,
we can certainly identify those that are in dispute.
And I don't want to take up all of my ten minutes time.
Finally, get these in the record.
I was going to suggest the senator who was responsible that we're all on the take.
So identify all of the calls that were monitored and also those that are regarded as they feel that this
presidential directive prohibits for them being interviewed.
Well, the witness that's going we'll turn back to our famous document.
Yes sir.
And we'll start with paragraph 22.
I read from it.
You have it.
Yes sir.
Failing in his tactics, as senior referring to Mr. Adams,
of having investigation posted to help him personally.
Right.
Mr. Adams next attempted to cause the chairman and personnel of the committee to end it on the ground
and it was becoming personally embarrassing to Mr. Stevens,
who was a very nice man who shouldn't be heard.
Mr. Adams attempted on this place, on this, but the tempo on this place was supported by Mr. Stevens on November 6, 1953.
Is that true?
That's true sir.
Yes.
When the attempt was made by on November 6, 1953, was it not?
You had no knowledge of it at that time.
It was a thing.
He was attempting to get the hearing stock first on a personal basis as a favor to him.
And based on that, then he injected as for the support of his argument and the attempt at persuasion or intimidation or whatever you want to turn it,
and other injected, the situation was respect to his most secretary's people.
What surprised him to make a persuasion on that basis?
Yes.
Which was an ineffective, as you say.
It was ineffective.
What these, all these acts have proceeded now, November 6, 1953.
What's the service?
So by that time you had a pretty good idea of the tactic,
so you referred to him here, Mr. Adams, did you not buy that thing?
Oh, I know he was trying to get the hearing.
You knew that, sure.
For that time.
Or just a weird search sent in the phone, I might say this.
This is press release of October 19th, which he wanted sent in the McCarthy to issue saying that he was going to stop the hearing.
It's coming.
Placing in that situation all that you did in his actions that you did, you were fully homeless of all of them as of November 6, 1953.
Yes sir.
All right, and we read the rest of that sentence.
One out of lunch in his office called of his request.
He stated that if the fact he knew what was, what fact he knew was fully developed, he would have to resign as Secretary of the Army.
There's a Secretary of Stevens or a Secretary of State.
So Mr. Adams makes that statement.
Secretary Stevens made that he admitted on this witness stand.
There's not quite clear here as the lady.
You state now that Secretary Stevens made that statement that he had after.
Yes, I heard him and he's admitted on this witness stand that he did.
I read the last sentence.
The next sentence.
He made an appeal to the end of the hearings all the ground of his personal friendship with the chairman.
He was appealing to the chairman that day on the basis of personal friendship that he stopped the hearings in order not to embarrass him and compel his resignation.
Yes sir.
That's your statement.
That's right.
Mr. Stevens was assured that there would be no effort to embarrass him personally.
But the fact that there would be no work large in the investigations of hearings would continue.
Did that seem to be...
That's right.
Did that seem to be, as he was given the Mr. Stevens at that time?
Well, I don't know.
How was he still unhappy about the hearing?
Well, I would say he was still unhappy, sir.
Well, he didn't agree to that, did he?
I wasn't a question of agreement, Senator.
I thought he wanted a lot and if he could get a little, he was happy with that.
Well, he wasn't satisfied with that as he was.
He wanted the hearing stuff.
There's no question about that, sir. He wanted it to start.
I understand these questions, but I might be new. Are you?
Yes sir.
Allegations not that I'm in fine and I believe all other than any other?
Well, no, no.
I'm trying to make this record from those...
Just a...
Number twenty-three.
My read's coming.
As a part of the account.
So, what the committee's investigation of communist infiltration in the army?
The bad mind that all of these acts was justified by you and that has alleged here
are attempts to stop the investigation of communist infiltration in the army.
Mr. Adams, frequently, and Mr. Stevens on tour occasion, offered up the Navy,
their force and the defense establishment offer as substitute targets as follows.
And did he do that?
Yes sir. In other words, he wanted you to investigate the other branches of the military establishment,
including the banks above him.
Just in order to get the heat all far from him or get...
Get someone else the substance that he does a target usually in your land.
Yes sir.
Are you just to find that definite later?
I guess so.
As far back and reading the next paragraph, as far back as off to the 13th, 1933, and our read's comment.
All of our about off to the 13th, 1953, Mr. Adams suggested that the committee to go after
come to the Navy and our force and drop its full of communist infiltration in the army.
Is that correct?
It's either the 13th or the 14th, sir.
I say honor.
You want to know?
No, honor about the 13th.
I'm pretty sure it was the 13th.
I'm not trying to be exact.
I guess I have to get the reality.
It was the most one day of Mr. Jenkins'...
I knew it was right.
The age of my will be another witness.
So I'll testify to that.
I can appreciate your might be mistaken as to the exact date.
But that is relatively the correct date.
Yes sir. There will be another witness to testify on that.
I'm just there.
Now then, in paragraph 25, you state that all about off to the 21st.
Mr. Adams renewed his suggestion that the committee conduct an investigation of the Navy
and our force and drop the investigation of his department.
Is that true?
Just how many different times during the course of your friendly social relations with Mr. Adams?
Did he urge you to drop the investigation of the army
and the Association of Communists into it and make the Navy and the Air Force
and the Defense Department of New York Target?
How often did he do that?
Senator McCroellen, I can't give you the exact number of times because I know that there were occasions
when he did want us to stop and go after somebody else.
But I can't recall a specific occasion.
There are some I recall so much other people who are here to recall.
We try to set forth those specific though other inhibitions.
Let's go then to the next paragraph, paragraph number 26, to make you specific again.
This is all there about November 6, 1953.
Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams suggested that the Navy, Air Force and Defense Establishment's offer
would be a corporate object of an investigation instead of our administration of the army.
And Mr. Adams, all for to supply information about them.
Is that true?
Yes sir.
That is true.
I'll go on to the next one and then we'll come back for it.
On our about November 14, 1953, Mr. Adams advised that in his opinion the time was right
for the investigation to turn to the Navy. Is that true?
Yes sir it is.
On our about November 17, Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams,
a new fabric vest that the Subcommittee should investigate the Navy and Air Force.
Is that true?
Yes sir.
I think you have the same thing in number 49.
On our about November 30, 1953, Mr. Adams made its specific suggestion on all four of the systems.
In switching the committed tools, from his departments to another branch of the service.
Is that true?
Yes it is.
On our about December 30, on our about December 9, Mr. Adams again urged that the Subcommittee
to begin to investigate security risks in the Air Force.
And all four specific information in return for certain information he desired to us.
I guess he means desired to give us.
No, desired promise.
I think it should be said.
What?
Desire.
Plumber instead of two of us.
Uh.
Desire, it might be desired to use.
Well, whichever it is.
Yes sir.
Last one on the top is our type of personnel.
Make the plan out of it.
Then four stallings for the investigations of his department.
Yes sir.
Longer number 31.
As a further part of Mr. Adams attempts to impede the investigation,
he sought to finish those who for operated with the Subcommittee
and the silas those who were about to for operate.
Is that true?
It is.
Now that's answer by.
So it's just what actually did.
Who?
He attempted to punish.
Yes sir.
First it was all stories.
I would say sir the question to example about would be,
yes.
No important.
I say to them across the class of example would be general,
law, major general, courtesy, law, commanding general.
That's what my student has been first to general law.
Yes sir.
Who has explained that and then tell us any other.
I don't know sir if you want me to repeat all of the testimony concerning general law
and the details in the next two part.
I don't care about all of the details.
Just enough to make this short.
So what we're talking about.
All right sir.
So as far as general law and his concern, Mr. Adams was present on October 14th
and very general law and testify that until this committee came along,
he had had no success in his efforts to get security risks and people with communist records
and a radar laboratory.
So that point on Mr. Adams made it very clear that general law and had displeased him
and had likewise displeased Mr. Stevens by making by stating that Mr. Stevens
had been garlic in performing his duty and getting these people out.
They tell me my time is up and says I want back your two or three other questions at this point.
If you've answered now as the general law and he's the principal key.
He was the principal.
I will tell you about it.
We'll come back to it.
Sure.
It has an adoptive.
And this honor, Mr. Chairman, I really want to ask the questions alive.
And one last, that's yesterday in order to give the Mr. Wolf to all the family needs
for close examination.
I'll wait my time as this guy.
Let me just...
Mr. Cohn, I want to reverse now if I might to not too fall for the moment.
Come back to that, maybe a little later.
But I would like to revert now to the document you offered in evidence from Mr. Couch.
Yes sir.
You stated on page 3898 if you have that candy there for Mr. Julianne.
I'm sorry.
3898.
But this document contained information and I quote.
About the number of communists in the military containing information about various things
for communists have done to get their members in the military.
Come, in radar laboratories and explaining why it was essential for the communists.
For purposes of espionage, sabotage.
For the purposes of recruiting other people in the military into the party to bring about this infiltration.
Yes sir.
Now I want to ask you this.
Where is there any information about communist infiltration into the radar laboratories in that state?
Well, I know we discussed with Mr. Couch, then the Jackson communists infiltration in the signal core and in the radar laboratories.
Now, but it's not the use that you're referring to the document.
And I read the document.
Now, the document is maybe interesting from a historical standpoint.
So I think when I I consider.
Yes, certainly.
Thank you.
It's very possible that this discussion about signal core and radar laboratories is not embodied in the document.
I don't know.
I have not read the document in full lately.
Here, now I have on page 3898.
Your testimony of pop the page.
Yes, sir, you read that to me.
There was committed to this committee and will not be part of it.
It was complete.
There was committed to this committee a somewhat detailed memorandum which I have here, sir, and will not read from.
I did read from it.
Containing information about the number of communists in the military.
Containing information about various things the communists had done to get their members in the military.
In radar laboratories.
Now, you were referring to the document and that's what you mean.
Yes, sir.
I apologize if I threw you up.
So I think the documents start there more than 1000 communists in the armed forces of the United States today.
Prepare to carry on as being I sabotage any kind of disruptive activities during war war between the Soviet Union and this country.
So I am not red this in detail.
Yes, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me if there's not contained specific information about communists in the signal core or radar laboratory.
I'm sure you're right.
I know that we did get such information from Mr. Krauch.
But it's not in this particular document I am in erratiatic.
No, as a matter of fact, Mr. Kahn, you go back to the document because you did make a considerable reference to it in your testimony.
I don't believe I did, sir.
As they start, one of the software in evidence and it's the only memorandum that we have in evidence that indicated the time when the investigation of the Army started.
I thought you were offering us for that purpose and to give the committee a general background of information that you had with reference to communists in filtration in the Army.
So I think you're right.
The first time I've done an ejection, I think I made it clear on the record the importance attached to that particular document was the fact that it established a date in which we had underweighed and investigated.
I mean, that's the case.
Okay, now let me ask you this.
There's a two that's going through this document of Krauch.
The most of it relates to his trip to Europe.
I mean to the Soviet Union in 1927 and 1928.
I would like to ask Mr. Eiffel to remain the Mr. Will.
So this is on my time.
I know.
I think Mr. Chairman, I'll wait for you.
Mr. Chairman, I'll yield.
Mr. Will's might have got a conference over something, and I think this is the chair.
And I would like to have him make a statement on it.
Mr. Chairman, one more game.
Well, I'll give it a little bit of a business report.
A very delicate.
Mr. Will's may make a statement. It will not be out of your car.
Mr. Will's, Mr. Chairman, I'm under the impression that what I have to say, which is about which I have to be quite thoughtful as I phrase it, Will Davis.
Well, good news.
Good.
When we start as a case, I think it will be remembered that I offered an telephone conversation in evidence.
Senator McCarris says in simple English that he would not consent to any single-monitor telephone call going in evidence unless every telephone call
between every party and interest and between people like Stevenson Adams on the one side.
And for example, Stevenson Lawson, and even other ones, will go in.
And he is, consistently, I must say, unfairness to him, may not be that good.
I would like to be ex-cultated if anybody thinks there was a purposeful delay in delivery to the monitor telephone call to Mr. Jenkins' counsel.
I must say, I am sure Mr. Jenkins will say that he and I were so busy with work those days to be getting them out sorted and can deliver them like that.
I am sure he will quickly say there was no plan to delay their delivery.
And could you just keep it enough to say that, Mr. Jenkins?
Well, so now, please subscribe to that strike.
Now, at half my interest, of course, at time, while we occasionally have heard in this room about what is going to happen to the telephone call,
the president's directivization.
President McCarris was a lawyer and I, and I think Mr. Jenkins, agrees that that directive is pending in this area.
And makes it no longer possible that every telephone call between every person can be in delivery.
I know that it is going to say whether they are glad or sorry or anything else. That is just the fact. That is what has happened.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if we bring Mr. Jenkins up and two other people and that is assurred to what is going to go.
Thank you.